To protect your safety we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Websites that you access.
You may be able to purchase DRM-free digital music in MP3 file format on the App from the respective Sellers.
Wallet is a pre-paid payment instrument which is associated with your account with a specific Seller.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED FROM ME?
We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain.
it is very important to protect the privacy of the youngest.
You must verify your account in order to post comments.
(g) any data loss or other damage suffered by you during or in connection with any upgrade of the Services, Website or Application; and
Refund shall be subject to Buyer complying with Policies.
We constantly review and challenge the procedures we have in place for data handling and data security and have internal system and controls to ensure compliance.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.
Kindly click here to know the return policy period applicable for different categories.
With vendors, consultants, marketing partners, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
We will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving such materials in the future.
We will pay you referral fees on a monthly basis for Qualifying Products shipped in the applicable month.
Subscribe to our newsletter
The coverage amount will be limited to 50,000.
Please contact us regarding any questions regarding this statement.
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be notified separately.
Create a new password
We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of third parties with which you interact.
This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
These downloaded eBooks cannot be transferred onto other devices.
We encourage you to become involved in your children's online experience, and to share your knowledge and experience with your young ones.
If you are unable to complete a download, please contact customer service within 6 hours of the payment.
We strongly recommend that Children between 13 and 18 ask their parents before sending any private information.
Communicate with you about the services and offers we believe may be of interest to you.
WHAT ABOUT LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES?
Last Updated on August 4th, 2016.
All material on the App, including images, illustrations, audio clips, and video clips, are protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights.
In the email we will explain what information we are collecting, how we plan to use it, how the parent can provide consent, and how the parent can revoke consent.
Commercially reasonable security measures to safeguard and secure your information and to prevent the destruction, loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control have been implemented by us.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon our acceptance of your Program Application and will end when terminated by either party.
Continued use of our Websites and our products and services following notice of any such changes will indicate Your acknowledgement of the changes and agreement to be bound by the new terms and conditions.
To be able to take advantage of the Buyer Protection Program, Buyers should first contact the Seller and attempt to resolve the issue.
Our current Privacy Policy will be posted here.
HOW TO CONTACT US
What You Should Know About Specific Products
We may update Privacy Policy from time to time.
We may use this data alone or in aggregate form, as a statistical measure, but not in a manner that is intended to identify you personally.
A new version of the Policy comes into force as soon as it is published, unless stated otherwise by the new version of the Policy.
However, please note that deleting or deactivating your accounts may mean that you may not be able to access all or parts of the Sites.
Our sites and mobile applications include social media features.
Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are in.
promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work (see 'Copyright complaint' below for instructions on how to lodge a complaint about uploaded copyrighted material), such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them
Product prices and availability may vary from time to time.
Effective November 15, 2016.
Support X2 Football
Privacy Policy
The place of jurisdiction shall be exclusively in Bangalore.
We went back to the future...
What is a 'dispute'?
We take this responsibility seriously and always set ambitions high, as only the best is good enough for the builders of tomorrow.
Notwithstanding this right, you remain solely responsible for the content of the materials you post on the App and in your private messages.
Minors and Children Under 13 Our Sites are not intended for those under the age of 13.
Thus, if we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition, or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets may be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
We may change the Privacy Policy from time to time, we highly recommend you periodically review the Privacy Policy posted on our websites.
This analysis may be leveraged and shared outside.
It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Although most of our Applications are free, they include in-app purchases.
Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services.
All items purchased from the sellers would be delivered by the sellers to the carrier on behalf of such buyers.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Website, the Application or Service or its related systems or networks.
To comply with legal requirements and to protect you, us, and others: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we reserve the right to retain and disclose your information at our discretion if we believe in good faith that such retention and disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas, warrants or similar process served on us; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, you, or third parties; or (c) ensure the safety and security of our Services, systems and of our customers and third parties.
Comments are closed.
Kindly click here to know the return policy period (Replacement Guarantee) applicable for different categories.
WHAT ARE MY CHOICES?
More What Information Do We Collect?
Read more
WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
WILL THIS POLICY EVER CHANGE?
What Choices Do You Have?
HOW WILL YOU KNOW IF WE AMEND THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
Questions?
Privacy Questions Any questions?
How Is Your Information Used?
Sorry, Kids - Over 13-Year-Olds Only.
HOW CAN I CONTACT YOU?
Legal Requirements
IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOUR ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT.
We will do our best to respond to your request (upon verification of your identity) within a reasonable period of time.
Social Sharing Features
For Australian Consumers
If you comment on our blog or other public forums, you should be aware that any information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of those blogs, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.
From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy, which will be posted on our web sites and relevant communications channels.
They use this data solely on our behalf.
This policy goes into effect for Under Armour Shopping US and Europe on June 1, 2016, and Canada on August 1, 2016
Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Use of the App
Register for exam
Manage and improve the services and our internal operations.
Both Users and Registered Users must agree to these User Terms before using the Website, Application or Services.
We gather various types of Information from our users, as explained more fully below.
The Security of Your Information
Collection of Information You Provide to Us
Replacement Definition: Replacement is the action or process of replacing something in place of another.
Interest-Based Advertising
Back To Top
More Other Information
Automated Information Collection
We will keep your Information for as long as is necessary to provide you with the Apalon Apps and for us to comply with our obligations under this Privacy Policy and at law.
We may use generated user content.
However, you will still be able to place orders .
Privacy
Privacy Policy (Translation)
Game design, the art of defining...
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information.
Marketing.
We strongly recommend distributing the project's release, rather than building from source, for best user experience.
By using this App, you are consenting to our processing of your information in ways set out in this Privacy Policy.
Security of Your Information
Important Information About Platform Permissions
Third-Party Advertisements and Analytics.
promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libellous;
After three unsuccessful attempts to enter the digits, access to the personal page from that server is blocked for 4 hours.
Ads that we place online using interest-based data are expected to be delivered with the Enhanced Notice required by those principles.
Copyright (c) 2013
Our Do Not Track Policy:
Contact Us
Security Methods
Effective as of August 4, 2014.
Likewise, with other users' explicit permission, we may notify you about their whereabouts.
Terms of Use
DMCA/Abuse
Business Partners
All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the Site belong to their respective owners.
Our vendors provide assurance that they take reasonable steps to safeguard the data they hold on our behalf, although data security cannot be guaranteed.
We have implemented the following: Network Impression Reporting
This information is not required - we provide our services to you without it, but taken as a whole this gives us a better understanding of our players and community and helps us make better game design decisions.
Third Party Links
Children We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
As Required by Law and Special Circumstances Read More
Governing Law and Competent Jurisdiction The Social Point Website and this Privacy Policy are governed by Spanish law.
the Company May Disclose Your Information
We store and process information in the United States.
Ask for free trial For business Protection of mobile devices
Email Abuse & Threat Policy
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time without any prior written notice to you.
We choose to only provide ad networks with a minimal set of application permissions required for these ads to function.
If you leave yourself logged in, then someone else may use your mobile device and have access to your Account.
Registration with us is optional.
We value the trust you place in us.
Address security issues and to resolve disputes
Retention period: five years Records on customer complaints or dispute resolution: Reason of retention: Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce Transactions, etc.
We hope you enjoy our service!
Our affiliates, subsidiaries and licensors expressly waives all warranties not stated in this agreement.
We don't collect information about your Wi-Fi.
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes and in order to conduct polls and surveys; Enforce our terms, conditions and policies and to communicate with you;
Please use Internet Explorer, Safari, or Firefox.
Please use Windows, macOS, IOS, or Android.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and remove content within the comment fields, message boards, events and other community forums on the Services.
For example, if a high proportion of users can't beat level 1 in our game, we need to make it easier.
Any significant change we make to data usage will be drawn to your attention via our apps.
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to: Provide, maintain and improve our Services; Setup your account and manage the credits that you earn and use across our Services; Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information; Send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by us and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you; Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service; Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services; Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities; Process and deliver contest entries and rewards; Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
This information may be used by these other companies and their customers and clients, to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your usage.
For example, information you submit in a public forum (e.g., a blog, chat room, or social network) can be read, collected or used by us and others, and could be used to personalize your experience.
Please be aware that, if you use any of these links you will leave our app and the page you go to will not be governed by our privacy & cookie policy.
These third parties may help us to i.e. process information, fulfil customer orders, deliver products to You, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess Your interest in our products and services or to conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys.
For instance, if you are located outside Hong Kong and choose to provide information to us, we may transfer your data to Hong Kong and processes it there and your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
In the event that ownership of us or an operator of one or more of the sites changes as a result of a merger, acquisition, or transfer to another company, your data may be transferred.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THE IMPORTANCE OF SHARING SUCH INFORMATION FOR THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICE AND ALSO AGREE THAT, BY ACCEPTING THIS PRIVACY POLICY, WHERE APPLICABLE AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY WAIVE YOUR RIGHTS UNDER SUCH BANK SECRECY LAWS WITH REGARD TO US AND ANY TRUSTED BUSINESS PARTNERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, WHICH MAY BE LOCATED OUTSIDE YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE.
